bytesize nf-validation (#1782)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/events/2023/bytesize_nf_validation.md

---
title: 'Bytesize: nf-validation'
subtitle: Júlia Mir Pedrol, QBIC
type: talk
start_date: '2023-06-06'
start_time: '13:00 CEST'
end_date: '2023-06-06'
end_time: '13:30 CEST'
location_url:
  - https://kth-se.zoom.us/j/68390542812
---

# nf-core/bytesize

Join us for our **weekly series** of short talks: **“nf-core/bytesize”**.

Just **15 minutes** + questions, we will be focussing on topics about using and developing nf-core pipelines.
These will be recorded and made available at <https://nf-co.re>
It is our hope that these talks / videos will build an archive of training material that can complement our documentation. Got an idea for a talk? Let us know on the [`#bytesize`](https://nfcore.slack.com/channels/bytesize) Slack channel!

## Bytesize: nf-validation

> This week Júlia Mir Pedrol ([@mirpedrol](https://github.com/mirpedrol)) is presenting nf-validation, the soon to be released plugin to validate the input samplesheets for Nextflow pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week Júlia Mir Pedrol ([@mirpedrol](https://github.com/mirpedrol)) is presenting nf-validation, the soon to be released plugin to validate the input parameters and sample sheets for Nextflow pipelines.
```
